I did say that pulling count
out does cause re-renders.
Like I said, at this point I would
probably keep it normally because
the performance,
it's not worth the added headache.
But let's talk about what this would
look like if I wanted to pass set quotes
through instead.
So instead of onSubmit, we're gonna
give it just the set quotes function.
And again,
this is a refactor that I will know
is finished when the red squiggly stop.
So then we can push count,
yeah, the countdown.
Accounts need your state, nope,
no duplicates, cool, cool,
cool, we're not using that anymore.
We're not even doing these two.
What we want,
Is to be able to pass through a set count.
But what is it?
I mean cyclops rather.
How many times have I done this?
It's a function, but what's the signature?
>> Start typing in [INAUDIBLE] [LAUGH]
>> Well, the problem is for
when you're defining the arguments,
it doesn't have the information yet.
It's like, yo, these are the things I'm
ready for, it can't reverse engineer.
And be clear, I await a future version of
TypeScript, be like, yeah, I can, right?
I saw you use it somewhere else and this
is the one time you gave it something,
I'm sure that I can't wait for
that comment to be out of date.
But presently it's true.
And so if we look, it is this function
which likely takes an array of quotes and
returns void.
And I could hard code that myself and
that is what I did for years, right?
But that's actually,
then if I change it to something else and
I refactor it's like my reinventing
the wheel did not serve me.
But what I could say is,
this is a very valid type,
I can literally just grab this,
Say this is what kind of
function it should be.
And that, let's save everything in
this case, and now we just say,
Did we pull that in?
Yep.
Then we set the quotes.
Hope we didn't define it here.
Cool, now that all works let's see,
where else am I getting yelled at?
We took that off, that's fine.
Let's actually define that and we'll say,
now I get to use that new thing again.
Check it out.
It's like I didn't even have to go see,
there's Arizona,
I have not looked at them yet.
Cool, pass that through.
That no longer takes
accounts to get rid of that.
Or does it?
Awesome, no issues found,
everything is good, big reveal.
Yeah, it works, right?
And so the refactoring helped and
the other part that we brought in,
basically everything we've talked about so
far and
then went for a little bonus
run by passing down set count.
Like I said,
I would probably do it that first way, but
I think it's useful to show one,
the active refactoring.
And then two, if I needed the type for
something that I didn't totally know.
Like a lot of times,
especially if I have the value already,
I can reverse engineer
what that type should be.
And there's actually ways, there are some
utility methods called return type
that you can literally hand it the type
of a function and it will get you
even the return values or parameters
that will get you the parameters, right?
There's a whole bunch of ways that I use
throughout my codebase to figure out
stuff based on other stuff.
So it's not like,
here's the set of types that have carved
in stone everything must adhere to it.
I can dynamically figure out types
based on actual properties and
use cases that I'm using
in my application.
So we have that kind of all
in place now and it works and
the refactoring becomes a lot easier.
If I was doing that normally,
I would've to switch back and
forth between the browser,
look at the next error.
But for me a lot of times even
hovering over some of the stuff,
I could see the answer and
get a sense of it incredibly easily.
This still, I will show you why I would
probably use use reducer in this case
because it just become simpler.
That is true of React in Vanilla
JavaScript, and it is also especially true
because then there's just one dispatch, it
becomes very easy to pass around and use.
That kind of just to set the roadmap for
us kind of going forward a little bit,
which is cool.
We've now seen how to deal with props.
We've seen how to deal
with event handlers.
with state from use state,
kind of the next kind of few hurdles,
we've had to deal with asynchronous state.
The next few hurdles for us are, okay,
how does this work with use reducer?
What about the context API, right?
That's the thing that we
all tend to use as well.
And then we'll see, because the context
API has some interesting problems
with the time space continuum.
And then, we will just look at, hey, it
seems like I'm taking a lot of stuff from
the underlying elements, like a form,
like an input, and retyping them myself.
Could I just have some of that goodness
that you're just talking about where
we can use some amount of dynamic
typing to figure stuff out?
Absolutely, and so
we'll talk about that as well.